update changelog and docs for release (#2751)
pgjdbc/pgjdbc: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> ## [42.5.3] (2023-02-03 08:24:50 -0500)

Reviewer: I mean updating the release notes for 42.5.2 (past release)

> ## [42.5.3] (2023-02-03 08:24:50 -0500)

Author: done

### Fixed

## [42.5.3] (2023-02-03 08:24:50 -0500)

### Fixed
fix: Add box to TypeInfoCache, fixes [Issue #2746](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/issues/2746) [PR #2747](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/pull/2747)
fix: regression in PgResultSet LONG_MIN copy and paste error fixes [Issue #2748](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/issues/2748) [PR#2749](https://github.com/pgjdbc/pgjdbc/pull/2749)

## [42.5.2] (2023-01-31 14:30:46 -0500)

### Changed

> regression: This release has 2 known regressions which make it unusable see the notes above. We advise people not to use 42.5.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
regression: This release has 2 known regressions which make it unusable see the notes above. We advise people use 42.5.3 instead.
```

Author: changed
